NB, this applies to the *magnetic* Feiden models, not the (unpublished) non-magnetic models that we frequently combine with BHAC15.  I've attached an IDL save file with the original Feiden magnetic models ("orig") and updated by me based on playing around with them.

The magnetic Feiden models (at least the ones I grabbed a few years back) can go pretty crazy at ages <10 Myr, which is kind of a problem for us.  Some models fail completely, while many have reasonable radii but crazy (fluctuating or getting very high/cool) temperatures, or radii that are mostly good but need to be tweaked at very young ages.  The models tend to settle down after 10 Myr.  In Q. Fang, Herczeg, et al.~2017,  we tweaked these models by fitting the temperature/luminosity changes over some age range and then fitting backwards.  In this approach, the radius is free and determined by the T/L fit.

Over the past couple of years, I've started thinking of the models more in terms of radius+age than Teff+L, so I wanted to redo this fitting.  That's what I am now sending you, where I fit the radius (or use the original, where possible) and *then* fit the temperature, letting Luminosity to be free.  It's better than what I did for Q. Fang's paper -- there are a few random fluctuations, but overall pretty good.  If I'm bored during a talk, I may send an update.  The main caveat is that we are not allowed to do whatever we want.  I'm pretty sure that I'm not conserving energy (contraction=internal heating+radiation), but then I've never been much of a physicist.

However, this still doesn't solve a semi-serious problem with the models, that radius is *not* monotonic at very young ages.  I've send the R vs M plot for 1 Myr that shows a peak at 0.3 Msun.  I really don't like this and am tempted to iron it out, but I can't quite justify being that non-physical.  On the other hand, the initial radius is not really constrained, so maybe we should just do whatever we want and forget the models.  The BHAC models do not have this weird peak, so I think that it's just a weird peak in their initial conditions.
